Update GitHub & Jira guidelines with the new GitHub Bot’s automation rule in Jira (#13)
metabrainz/guidelines: Jira.md

When you have assigned a ticket to yourself, set its status to "In Progress" by clicking
`Start Progress`. This shows others that you are actively working on a task.

When you finish the task, open a _Pull Request_ on the relevant project.
You may instead want to open it as a _draft_ if it cannot be merged yet,
for example when it depends on another Pull Request.

If you correctly followed [how to name and submit a Pull Request](GitHub.md),
_GitHub Bot_ automatically marks in Jira that a review has been submitted,
with a link to the GitHub Pull Request in a comment.
Once a pull request has been reviewed and merged by one of the project maintainers,

> it automatically marks in Jira that it has been merged with development branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it automatically marks in Jira that it has been merged into the development branch.
```
